---
sidebar_label: Control Panel
---

# Control Panel

This guide will teach you everything you need to know about MeetDesk's control panel. Don't worry, it's not a lot!

## Sidebar

The sidebar is how you navigate between the different pages of the MeetDesk app. The different pages are grouped by their type, including `Setup`, `Competition`, and `Output`. Within those groups, you'll find the buttons that will take you to each page.

At the bottom of the sidebar (bottom left of the app), the IP address of the server MeetDesk is running on will be displayed. Remember, MeetDesk runs its own server on your local network automatically! You'll probably want to keep track of the IP address while setting up your meet, since it's used to access other features of MeetDesk.

## Meets

The Meets page allows you to import or export a `.meet` file. Simply put, a `.meet` file is generated by MeetDesk and contains all the information about a meet.

Suppose you'd like to transfer your meet data from one computer to another. All you need to do is `Save Meet to File` on the computer with the meet data, generating a `.meet` file. Then, transfer that file to the other computer and `Load Meet from File`. Voila!

## Teams

The Teams page is where you can manage the different teams competing in your meet. Teams are used to categorize athletes. 

Simply use `Add Team` to add a team. You'll need to enter it's name, and an optional team identifier code. That's it! You can now use this team elsewhere in MeetDesk.

Use `Delete` to get rid of a team if you made it by mistake.

:::warning
Deleting a team will remove **all** athletes that have been assigned to it. Be sure you are selecting the right team for deletion!
:::

## Levels

The Levels page is where you can manage the different levels involved in your meet. Levels are another way to categorize athletes.

Simply use `Add Level` to add a level. You'll give it a name (for example, `Level 8`), and that's it. You can now use this level elsewhere in MeetDesk.

Use `Delete` to get rid of a level.

:::warning
Deleting a level will remove **all** athletes that have been assigned to it. Be sure you are selecting the right level for deletion!
:::

## Athletes

The Athletes page is where you can manage the different athletes competing in your meet.

To add an athlete, use `Add Athlete`. You'll need to fill out some basic information regarding the athlete. This is where the teams and levels you made earlier come into play.

The bib number (Bib #) is an identifying number used by judge tablets and MeetDesk to uniquely identify athletes. Unless you have a specific numbering order you'd like to use, you can use the `Auto-assign` to automatically find the next available number for you.

When done, `Save Athlete` will add the new athlete to the meet.

:::tip
Use the dropdown filters to view only specific athletes, such as those competing Women's division.
:::

## Events

The Events page simply displays the different, pre-configured levels and their orders. The order decides in what order they will be displayed in reports. There isn't much to see or change here, as they are preset for convenience.

## Scores

The Scores page shows a breakdown of all the scores that have been entered so far.

Scores can be entered manually with `Manual Score Entry`, which allows you to correct mistakes without having to get out a judge score entry tablet.

Scores entered from judge tablets will show here, too.

Scores can be deleted by pressing the trash can icon next to them in the list. 

## Reports

The Reports page allows MeetDesk to generate some useful forms regarding meet stats. Currently the following report types are supported:
    - Awards
        - Event Awards (By level, division, and # places)
        - Team Awards (By level, division, and # counting scores)
    - Rosters
        - Meet Roster (By team and division)
        
Use them for check-in reports, or when presenting awards at the end of the meet.